Add drbd file (#254)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/drbd.md

---

> name: DRBD 

Author: ```suggestion
name: Distributed Replicated Block Device (DRBD)
```

category: Storage
description: DRBD (Distributed Replicated Block Device) is an open-source software solution for high availability and disaster recovery. It replicates data at the block level across multiple servers, ensuring data redundancy and reliability.
download_url: https://linbit.com/linbit-software-download-page-for-linstor-and-drbd-linux-driver/#drbd-9
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version: 
    version_number: v9.0.26-1
    release_date: 2021/06/14
 
 
optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://linbit.com/drbd/
    support_caveats: 
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://linbit.com/drbd-user-guide/drbd-guide-9_0-en/
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:
 
optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: https://linbit.com/drbd-user-guide/drbd-guide-9_0-en/#p-intro:~:text=1.5.3.-,CPU%20Requirements,-DRBD%209%20is
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: No document is available for exact minimum supported sub version of relese DRBD9.0 for Arm64/linux platform. DRBD-v9.0.26-1 is the leaset available sub-version for DRBD9 on it's download page.  

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: No document is available for the exact minimum supported sub-version of release DRBD9.0 for Linux/ARM64. DRBD-v9.0.26-1 is the least available sub-version for DRBD9 on the downloads page.  
```
